added email to toml file (#27)
UBC-MDS/group_15_data_wrangling: CONTRIBUTING.md

the issue templates, please use that. Remember that this is a volunteer-driven
project and everybody has limited time.

## GitHub Workflow for Team Contributions

For this project, our team follows the **GitHub Flow**:

> 1. **Create a branch** from `main` for each feature, function, or fix.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Create a branch** from `dev-milestone-n` for each feature, function, or fix.  
```

   * Branch naming convention: `feature/<function_name>` or `fix/<issue_name>`

2. **Work on your branch locally**. Make commits regularly with meaningful messages.

3. **Push your branch** to GitHub:

   ```shell
   git push -u origin <branch_name>
   ```

> 4. **Create a pull request (PR)** to merge your branch into main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Create a pull request (PR)** to merge your branch into `dev-milestone-n`.
```

   * Make sure to link the relevant issue if there is one.

5. **Another team member reviews the PR** and approves it.  
   * Provide constructive feedback if changes are needed.

> 6. Once approved, **merge the PR** into `main`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once approved, **merge the PR** into `dev-milestone-n.
```
